MARTLET - INTERNAL DEVELOPMENT ONLY - UNSIGNED

This is an offline fixture demo and bundled Doctor, not an AI voice companion
or supported novice release. All fixture text is scripted: FIXTURE - NOT AI.
There is no microphone capture, playback, provider/key/model lookup, login startup
or network inference on launch. Demo defaults require no profile or sound device.
Do not publish this installer or tell users to bypass SmartScreen/antivirus.
No project code or asset license is granted. Distribution/signing remains gated.

Start menu: Martlet (Internal) opens the offline fixture and status shell.
Martlet Doctor (Internal) opens a command window and prints the same status.
In that window, run Martlet.Doctor.exe --help for the implemented CLI options.
Doctor status can return 2 (incomplete/not ready), which is expected here.
Try fixture (audio OFF) runs the selected scripted scenario. Stop fixture clears
pending text/audio, and a new action uses fresh turn/request IDs and epochs.
Refusal and partial output remain distinct from a completed answer.

Setup / resume saves configuration only: fixture (safe default), or named
OpenAI routes with explicit upstream model/voice IDs and role-specific
destination/data/cost choices. There is no provider call or real voice setup.
Use Back, Save checkpoint, Save and exit setup, and Reload to resume safely.
Microphone audio would go to cloud STT, text to LLM, response text to TTS.
Screen/memory stay OFF; key validity, price and quota are unknown. The UI links
official pricing and retention information. Saved choices never grant capture
on launch or perpetual paid-request permission.

Keys are masked and stored only by an explicit confirmed Windows Credential
Manager action for the selected profile, role and api.openai.com origin.
Ordinary status never reads a key. Replacement invalidates consent and detaches
the old key; deletion is separately confirmed for an exact pending reference.
Interrupted transactions retain pending cleanup metadata: reload and review.
The OS vault does not protect against malware already running as your user.

Doctor examples (no audio, network, settings writes or AI):
  Martlet.Doctor.exe self-test --scenario streaming --json
  Martlet.Doctor.exe self-test --scenario refused --json
  Martlet.Doctor.exe self-test --scenario truncated --json
Other choices: complete, refused-after-partial, no-speech, not-addressed,
canceled, slow, failed. Slow uses accelerated synthetic script time.
Self-test exits: 0 requested fixture completed; 1 failure; 2 refused/silent/
canceled/incomplete; 3 invalid invocation. A pass is NOT real-mode readiness.

The separate completed-fixture + tone button asks permission each time, default
No. Windows Doctor self-test --play-tone is the explicit per-action equivalent.
Check the current output, audience and volume first. This is a faded 200 ms
synthetic tone, NOT spoken AI. Default output binds once at start, with no
automatic following, fallback or replay. Device failure leaves text usable.
Submitted/device-consumed samples do not prove audibility. Permission is not saved.
No AI conversation or support-bundle promise is implied by this build.

Installed program files:
  %LocalAppData%\Programs\Martlet Internal\Desktop\Martlet.Desktop.exe
  %LocalAppData%\Programs\Martlet Internal\Doctor\Martlet.Doctor.exe

Default settings (SEPARATE from program files):
  %LocalAppData%\Martlet\settings.json
Launch reads settings but does not create them. The explicit Create unconfigured
local profile action writes settings; it does not connect a provider.
Setup Save explicitly upgrades v1 settings to v2 with an atomic original-file
snapshot named settings.v1.<opaque-id>.bak in the same data directory.
Malformed/newer settings are reported, not reset.

Repair/reinstall for this internal skeleton:
Close both apps and rerun the SAME installer to replace its owned program files.
Installer-driven migration, transactional upgrade, downgrade or rollback is not
implemented. The narrow explicit Setup v1 snapshot is not lifecycle qualification.
Do not install an older version over newer data as a recovery strategy.

Uninstall through Windows Settings > Apps > Installed apps > Martlet (Internal).
Only installed files and shortcuts are removed. Settings at the separate path
above survive. There is no purge option and no recursive user-data deletion.
The installer does not write, migrate, back up or repair those settings.

If launch fails, retain the exact version, installer SHA-256 and error message.
Do not reset data, elevate, install a runtime, or disable Windows protection to
hide a failure. This self-contained build is expected to carry its own runtime.
Manifest/checksums and upstream notices are included alongside the applications.
Checksums detect corruption; they are not a publisher signature or trust grant.

Windows 11 25H2 x64 is the target, not a qualified support claim. Clean-machine
install/uninstall/repair, interrupted upgrade, disk-full, novice usability and
signed-download tests still require an isolated Windows VM and release approval.
